This game follows the original RISK game rule in general with some minor changes.

Map:		This game will share the map with the original RISK game. The Board is divided into 6 different continents, each
		continent has different bonus of armies. Under each continents there will be various numbers of territories.

 
Continents:	There are 6 different continents on the map and they will provide different bonus on armies each round.
		The bonus armies only works when you occupy every territories in the Continent.
		North America:	Contains 9 territories and has an armies bonus of 7.
		South America:	Contains 4 territories and has an armies bonus of 2.
		Asia:		Contains 12 territories and has an armies bonus of 7.
		Europe:		Contains 7 territories and has an armies bonus of 5.
		Africa:		Contains 6 territories and has an armies bonus of 3.
		Australia:	Contains 4 territories and has an armies bonus of 2.


Territories:	Territories are blocks on the map where players deploy thier armies on. On the territories, it will show
		who is currently occupying this territory and how many armies are on this territories.
		North America:
			NA1:	Alaska
			NA2:	Alberta
			NA3:	Central America
			NA4:	Eastern United States
			NA5:	Greenland
			NA6:	Northwest Territory
			NA7:	Ontario
			NA8:	Quebec
			NA9:	Western Uniterd States
		South America:
			SA1:	Argentina
			SA2:	Brazil
			SA3:	Peru
			SA4:	Venezuela
		Asia:
			AS1:	Afghanistan
			AS2:	China
			AS3:	India
			AS4:	Irkutsk
			AS5:	Japan
			AS6:	Kamchatka
			AS7:	Middle East
			AS8:	Mongolia
			AS9:	Siam
			AS10:	Siberia
			AS11:	Ural
			AS12:	Yakutsk
		Europe:
			EU1:	Great Britain
			EU2:	Iceland
			EU3:	Northern Europe
			EU4:	Scandinavia
			EU5:	Southern Europe
			EU6:	Ukraine
			EU7:	Western Europe
		Africa:
			AF1:	Congo
			AF2:	East Africa
			AF3:	Egypt
			AF4:	Madgascar
			AF5:	North Africa
			AF6	South Africa
		Australia:	
			AU1:	Eastern Australia
			AU2:	Indonesia
			AU3:	New Guinea
			AU4:	Western Australia


Players:	This game will support 2 ~ 6 players. Initial armies for each players will vary depending on how many
		players is playing this game. Sequence of actions each round will be decided by number of players, for
		example: Player 1 will be the first one to take action, Player 2 will take actions after him. At the beginning
		of each round, the player will receive reinforcement armies proportional to the number of countries he/she
		is holding, the number of total occupied territories divided by 3 will be his/her reinforcement armies. If he/
		she is holding a whole continent, he/she will receive a bonus armies reinforcement, the number of bonus armies
		will follow the property of the continent.

		Number of players:	Initial Armies for each players:
		2			50
		3			35
		4			30
		5			25
		6			20


AI Players:	Players could select to fill up the game with AI players with a number up to 5. AI players will perform basic
		actions of attacking, moving troupes and defending respects to the number of armies they are holding in each 
		territories occupied by them.
		
		
Attack:		Players are allowed to attack territories that is next to their occupied territories. The unoccupied ones will
		be occupied by whoever reaches it first. To occupy the territories player who started the attack must finish
		all the armies left on the target territory. Armies with number of 1 on a territory cannot be moved.

Move Troupe:	Players can move their troupe after they attack. This will allow players to
		reallocate their armies in their occupied territories and enable them to fortify better.
		
		
Defend:		Player is granted with a chance to fortify thier holding territories. Just move your armies to where you think
		is risky.


